Increase capital.

Think of how much more money you would have if you saved a certain percentage of your paycheck for a whole year.

The name of the game is to stack and save your money. No matter if its from a job, a hustle, or a scheme. If you can't save and manage $ you will not make any progress.

Acquire currency.

Billionaire mode.

Maximize income, minimize expenditure.

Live beneath your means.

Do you really want to be 50 years old with only $1,700 to your name?

Do you really need all those subscriptions billing your account?

We’re all going to make it. Keep stacking!

You don't need to eat our 3 or 4 times a week. You don't need the latest I-Phone or electronic gizmo. Build up a savings account and invest your money.

Do you have an idea of where all of your expenses are going?

Pay yourself before you pay your bills.

"This is the last time I dip into my savings account." Yeah, yeah. Put it back.

Everything in moderation.

"Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons." - Woody Allen

Explore different hustles.

This is the 3rd time you've dipped into your savings account...when will you learn?

Double up.

Keep hustling!

Scared money don't make no money.

All it takes is for emergency to screw you over. Make sure you're prepared.

Delayed Gratification. Delayed Gratification. Delayed Gratification.

Live within your means! If you cannot afford a certain type of lifestyle, do not try to live it.

Discipline yourself. It will pay off in the end.

If you do not have enough capital to purchase that item three times, should you really be buying it? Word to @blankspacedj

Create a budget and stick to it.

"Maintain and stack the difference." - @blankspacedj

Weed out unnecessary expenses!

Frugality.

Get your body right and your money right.

"Purify your medium." - @blankspacedj

Obtain new marketable skills.

Learn the basics of cooking.

Increase capital.

There is no need to keep up with the Joneses.

STACKATHON SZN!

Acquire currency!

Learn how to cook. It will help prevent you from eating out so often which in turn can help you save money.

Stack. Stack. Stack. Stack.

It is a priceless gift and the savings are almost as immense as the health benefits.

Abundance mindset.

We are all going to make it. Stack wisely, friends.

"Stack up don't lack up." - @blankspacedj

You've spent more money than you've earned on fast food these past 2 weeks....when will you learn?

Do you really need that new pair of sneakers RIGHT NOW?

You were planning on making a meal to eat for today...why are you at the BK drive-thru?

You already blew your check? THAT quick? Please learn some money management skills.

Imagine how much more money you would have 1 year from now if you put away a decent percentage of your paycheck every time you got paid.

Save bread, and stack up in silence.

No more excuses.

Impulse buying is a no-no.

Keep on stacking folks. The end of the Stackathon is in August!

Delayed Gratification. Delayed Gratification. Delayed Gratification. Delayed Gratification. Delayed Gratification. Delayed Gratification.

Remember how you said you would save most of your money this paycheck? What happened to that?

You're getting hungry and you're thinking about buying fast food...knowing very well you have food at the crib.

Stackathon SZN. Hope you all are wisely managing your money.

Ice cold focus.

This is the fourth time you purchased fast food this week. Discipline yourself.

Stack. Stack. Stack. Stack. Stack. Stack.

Don't you dare transfer that money from your savings to your checking account.

Stack up, don't lack up. Word to @blankspacedj

GRIND MODE.

Acquire wealth.

Discipline yourself, you can do it.

All money in, no money out.

Maximize income! Minimize expenditure!

Always remember: live beneath your means.

One more month until the Stackathon is over! Keep stacking!